ha ha ha.. you are a lucky bastard… I got the confirmation that they will pay a monthly allowance or 1500 euros 😉
sorry.. that I didn´t responded earlier.. have been working on the bathroom.. Now I´m in the office again.. checking emails and stuff.. we can discuss later or tomorrow
18:09
No issues
I saw that email
Yeah truly lucky I guess 🙈😉
Hahaha yes
For booking the hotel, what date should I book? 18-25 November?
jose is trying to look up the date
but better look air bnb
can be nicer and cheaper
I'll check
Just need to dates
okay... jose will go monday 25
so monday 25 in the evening you can have the couch in my appartement
Cool
checking your email now
Thanks 🙂
you have also already a draft of the poster?
Not yet started
ah okay
major axis length and others are in pixels?
for the poster we should express that probably in Mm
Yes
or km
Okay
you have the conversion factor?
Generally you need to account for resolution and angle ( projection effect)
Resolution I can find out from Gregor site
ha ha ha.. true.. didn´t even think in that moment at the projection effect 😉
I think and hope we were quite at the centre.. so not too much difference
Okay
nice plots!
can you plot the eccentricity size scatter with changing colors of the symbols depending on the time!?
Meaning
cause there is temporal evolution in the scatter… meaning that it could be that certain points form regions in time.. or that there is a peridocity and shown in color we could figure that out
like the color of the symbol represents the time
like blue is in the beginning and end of the series is red
and middle is green
Okay
I'll do that
then one can see if for example all the early points group and all the late points group
Okay
Makes sense
I'll send you by tonight or tomorrow
sure
something like
Got it
then we could say… in the beginning there is a clear scatter and relationship between eccentricity to size
later on it is not clear.. then it becomes inverse.. bla bla
Understood
I think it makes sense.. maybe it is nothing.. bu tmaybe it will start to group 😉
Hehe okay
Will do that
and we have to play with scatters between the other quantities
e.g. major and minor axis
Don't you think that will obviously have a correlation?
not necessary
As eccentricity is derived by major and minor axis
that´s like squeezing
but that
would be like sausage mode
and maybe the mode changes
Okay
I'll plot that and see
And see for other scatter plots
And if time is involved use color variation
like squeezing… saussage mode… no oscillation
exactly
well. and at some point we would have to look for periodicities 😉
Fft?
Or you want to smooth the data before
or better wavelet
Okay
no idea.. we could try to smooth too
Will do that
FFT is good for long sequences but ours is rather short.. so wavelet should be better
but I never did wavelets myself
Hehe
There is a package in python
but I think the analysis with different segmentation thresholds is nice
cause it shows that the behaviour stays the same
and I think the boundary is nicer now
the 3_14s are better I think
then the 3_08
Yes, I think so too
how do the 3_20 look?
or the 3.17 look
cause maybe it could be slightly larger
the shape I mean
It's negative
-3.14
More the magnitude, smaller the shape
hm.. ah okay
true
but the 3_14 covers more than the 3_08
that´s why I´m wondering about 3_17
cause a bit is missing I think
here clearly the shape is too small
Wait a min I'm sending for other k
okay
casue with 3_14 still a bit too small
like maybe one row of pixels
this is more tight
so i can may be use some loose k
as in  -3.05/-3.01
this looks amazaing 󰀀
you think you need a varying k parameter?
you think you need a varying k parameter?
no, i am not varying k
good.. cause else the automated detection would be difficult ha haha
one k for all, just i have used different k for us to select best k
but I think the shape is very nice now!!
and error bar
yes.. that plot is very important
for the discussion section to show that the variations are real and not due to segmentation choices
so this image is for k=-3.17
good
I like it 󰀀
092811_n_3_20.png
k=-3.20
so i can make a standard deviation from k=[-3.05 - -3.26] and we can use it as erro bar?
yes.. that´s the idea 😀
okay
will send you too
and any tips on posters
i have never made one
and it will proof that a) the segmentation is quite robust and b) that the results are independent of the chosen detailed value
if you want to do it in corel draw
I can send you my standard one
i dont have corel drae
draw
as a draft and you can click on the text to change it and on the figs
and is it available for mac?
I have no clue
asking jose
ha hah
he uses photoshop
i think i'll use that too
well. I can send you my poster and you can check for font type size and layout if you like
sure
jose has more non standard posters… but don´t know if that one helps
wait.. I can send you the one of otmar
one moment
yes
IRIS_utz_2.pdf
he uses like my standard layout too
I know that corel can be installed for 1 or 2 weeks for free as a testversion.. but no idea if for mac too
https://www.coreldraw.com/de/product/coreldraw/mac/
so there is a testversion for free also available for mac 😉
yeah
as you like...
will make
corel or photoshop?
cause as mentioned for corel I can give you a corel file of one of the posters
send
i'll use it
I´ll put it on google drive.. I think it has some 20 Mb
yes
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1VREDDS9Gbp9JYKcgSc_HqOow5nBo4Iq4
sorry.. needed to start the notebook
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Z2ueba5lJkDnVlEywM-1Jig_oII_m71m
my last two ones
the lower one is my standard layout with the 3 columns
the other one I got a bit more creative ha ha ha
okay
but you see.. you can just change the logos, authors, affiliation, and abstract text in the first block
via copy paste
and delete
I hope that the file standard windows mac is the same
then we can also exchange the document and I could help you if you need something special... but I think it is a good way to start to modify just a given document 😉
yes
will start after plotting scatter
plots
okay... perfect... so you are happy? or you need something more? cause else I wish you a happy and enjoyable evening... must be late already in india
i have work till tomorrow
will contact you
and thanks and good evening 😛
thank you.. see you tomorrow then
yeah, will message you
i have one last question
what will be itenary in graz
as you mentioned we were going in the last week somewhere